although coleslaw has been modified
several times by people all over the
world to match to taste some culture of
the different countries only one
ingredient remains unchanged cabbage
today I'm going to teach you how to make
coleslaw but valise inside your watching
the bare pantry show
amen you were doing coleslaw I already
got a big chunk of cabbage and I chopped
it with my trusted cleaver and this
coleslaw and I'm doing is belizean in
the sense that I'm using Heinz it's a
dressing and not May or mustard but you
can easily use mere mustard I think I
have both recipes in the book and I
grated some carrots you can buy the
store-bought stuff that comes already
mixed up for you for coleslaw but you
know this is the bare pantry show so we
kind of use what we have okay I think we
have enough carrots in this to make it
look beautifully colored if it's not
enough we're gonna grate some one look
what I'm using today these little pieces
of carrots because I don't have any of
the long regular carrots so you use what
you have and here I have some Hines in a
bowl put a little bit of salt see the
Hines that I use you can get it from my
dad's website and my dad's store also is
located in LA in LA area you could go
there it's got a wholesale place but you
know you might send you a couple of
things that doesn't have to be online
put a little bit of black pepper I know
a lot of you put sugar in your
clothesline I like it that way too but I
only tend to put the sugar when I'm
doing it with mustard and mayo I like it
this way cuz this is already tart so you
don't want to put any mustard in this
one because the Heinz is already tart
tasting and it's kind of thick
it might not go well in there so put in
a little milk and I'm using again what I
have 2% I used to do a nonfat milk but I
don't do it anymore cuz I learned that
it has a lot of added sugar so I do the
2% but you can do vitamin leave that's
all you have or even if operated milk
see how I got a little bit thinner so we
can more make it into a dressing
to pour into our coleslaw this is like a
1 2 3 step thing right here it's so
simple to do my trusty little spatula
and I tend to use a lot of rubber type
spatula see this looks wet enough
already I might not have to add any more
Heinz or any more ingredients to this
you can add raisins to this of course
but you've heard me say before that none
of my children like raisins I don't know
why I love raisins but I tend to have to
forfeit everything I love for these
children isn't that just the case
sometimes when your parents alright look
at our beautiful coastline I'm gonna put
it in this little container to tuck it
away in the fridge so we can serve this
later for dinner
and here's our finished product our
beautiful coleslaw we're going to enjoy
this today
coleslaw believes in style and you saw
it live at the hinds right we are in my
recipe book I have that recipe but I
also have in the notes that you can make
it with mayo and mustard I'm gonna
probably do that again another time in
the future to show you how we blend that
down with some evaporated milk again as
always I just love you for subscribing I
thank you for watching I thank you most
of all for commenting so that I know
what you guys want to see next
until I see you again take care